hey my name is Paulie lit and you're
watching ed Magik TV it's simplicity
it's a match TV so the world can't
believe it's a match TV what brings you
out tonight oh I'm out here for the life
through Art Foundation it's a really
great foundation that funds the arts in
general whether it be culinary arts
performing arts and keep it alive within
schools and with children I really love
this foundation so do you have any
projects that are you doing well I I
just finished another episode of wizards
they brought Wizards of Waverly Place
they brought my character back so I was
very happy about that and right now I'm
working on a a band
big band like the 30s and 40s it's Pauly
lit and the silver foxes and you know I
think the youngest guy on our band is 68
you know so it's it's it's really great
and bringing back that music so when you
think this is it a movie no it's just
just me sing and I really love to sing
and it goes with this you know it's for
the underprivileged children so you
gotta say to him you gotta accent you
ate the positive eliminate the negative
don't mess with the affirmative you know
so you're gonna are you gonna have an
album hopefully one of these days but
I'm getting getting it together and
working out the specifics now are you
working on any movies um not not right
now really focusing on the music and and
I also did a pilot called the league
it's on FX
I got to work with Jeff Shafer he's a
really great it was a great producer and
creator of the show and Nick Kroll was
on it the cave man
so it was great hopefully they'll bring
my character back next season
how can your fans find you I'm on
MySpace and you know all that jazz right
Facebook all of that Polly late l li TT
okay hey nice meeting you